[FLINK-21407][doc][formats] Add formats to DataStream connectors doc (#17640)
apache/flink: docs/content/docs/connectors/datastream/formats/avro.md

---
title:  "Avro"
weight: 4
type: docs
aliases:
- /dev/connectors/formats/avro.html
- /apis/streaming/connectors/formats/avro.html
---
<!--
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->

> # Avro formats

Reviewer: The SQL page called it `AVRO Format` which I think is a little bit better.

Author: Agree, I will do

> Flink has extensive built-in support for [Apache Avro](http://avro.apache.org/). This allows to easily read from Avro files with Flink.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flink has built-in support for [Apache Avro](http://avro.apache.org/). This allows to easily read and write Avro data based on an Avro schema with Flink.
```

> Also, the serialization framework of Flink is able to handle classes generated from Avro schemas. Be sure to include the Flink Avro dependency to the pom.xml of your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The serialization framework of Flink is able to handle classes generated from Avro schemas. In order to use the Avro format the following dependencies are required for projects using a build automation tool (such as Maven or SBT).
```
